README.md, before:

# gui_phonebook_python

In this repository for you, I put the "graphic phonebook" program source file, which you will learn about the details, structure and how to work with.

## Menu
1. <a href="#screen_shot">Screen Shot</a>
2. <a href="#program_guide">Program Guide</a>
3. <a href="#program_structure">Program Structure</a>

---
<h3 id="screen_shot">Screen Shot</h3>

<img src="screen_shots\1.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\2.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\3.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\4.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\5.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\6.png" width=30%>

---

<h3 id="program_guide">Program Guide</h3>

This app is used to store, display, delete and edit the phonebook contacts and has the following sections:

+   <a href="#main_page">Main Page</a>
+   <a href="#add_contact">Add Contact</a>
+   <a href="#edit_contact">Edit Contact</a>
+   <a href="#search_contact">Search Contact</a>
+   <a href="#delete_contact">Delete Contact</a>
+   <a href="#show_emails">Show Emails</a>
+   <a href="#show_numbers">Show Numbers</a>
+   <a href="#show_address">Show Addresses</a>
+   <a href="#info">Info</a>

<h4 id="main_page">Main Page:</h4>
On this top page that will be displayed to you, a number of buttons are available for applications such as adding, deleting, displaying and editing the contact, which is the main menu for the user.

<h4 id="add_contact">Add Contact:</h4>
This section will display a page that will be stored in the phonebook by giving contact information in its desired sections and pressing the 'Save Contanc' button.

<h4 id="edit_contact">Edit Contact:</h4>
In this section, using the ID you refer to as anybody you can find the target audience and then make the necessary changes to this user's information and then save the edited contact.

<h4 id="search_contact">Search Contact:</h4>
In this section, using the ID you refer to as anybody you can find the target audience and then show all informations.

<h4 id="delete_contact">Delete Contact:</h4>
In this section, using the ID you refer to as anybody you can find the target audience and then delete that contact from your cantact's list.

<h4 id="show_emails">Show Emails:</h4>
In this section all the emails stored in the phonebook will be displayed for the user

<h4 id="show_numbers">Show Numbers:</h4>
In this section all the numbers stored in the phonebook will be displayed for the user

<h4 id="show_address">Show Address:</h4>
In this section all the address stored in the phonebook will be displayed for the user

<h4 id="info">Info:</h4>
With this button the author's information is displayed on the homepage.

---

<h3 id="program_structure">Program Sturcture</h3>
updating ...

Commit message:

update the readme, program structure

README.md, after:

# gui_phonebook_python

In this repository for you, I put the "graphic phonebook" program source file, which you will learn about the details, structure and how to work with.

## Menu
1. <a href="#screen_shot">Screen Shot</a>
2. <a href="#program_guide">Program Guide</a>
3. <a href="#program_structure">Program Structure</a>

---
<h3 id="screen_shot">Screen Shot</h3>

<img src="screen_shots\1.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\2.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\3.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\4.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\5.png" width=30%>
<img src="screen_shots\6.png" width=30%>

---

<h3 id="program_guide">Program Guide</h3>

This app is used to store, display, delete and edit the phonebook contacts and has the following sections:

+   <a href="#main_page">Main Page</a>
+   <a href="#add_contact">Add Contact</a>
+   <a href="#edit_contact">Edit Contact</a>
+   <a href="#search_contact">Search Contact</a>
+   <a href="#delete_contact">Delete Contact</a>
+   <a href="#show_emails">Show Emails</a>
+   <a href="#show_numbers">Show Numbers</a>
+   <a href="#show_address">Show Addresses</a>
+   <a href="#info">Info</a>

<h4 id="main_page">Main Page:</h4>
On this top page that will be displayed to you, a number of buttons are available for applications such as adding, deleting, displaying and editing the contact, which is the main menu for the user.

<h4 id="add_contact">Add Contact:</h4>
This section will display a page that will be stored in the phonebook by giving contact information in its desired sections and pressing the 'Save Contanc' button.

<h4 id="edit_contact">Edit Contact:</h4>
In this section, using the ID you refer to as anybody you can find the target audience and then make the necessary changes to this user's information and then save the edited contact.

<h4 id="search_contact">Search Contact:</h4>
In this section, using the ID you refer to as anybody you can find the target audience and then show all informations.

<h4 id="delete_contact">Delete Contact:</h4>
In this section, using the ID you refer to as anybody you can find the target audience and then delete that contact from your cantact's list.

<h4 id="show_emails">Show Emails:</h4>
In this section all the emails stored in the phonebook will be displayed for the user

<h4 id="show_numbers">Show Numbers:</h4>
In this section all the numbers stored in the phonebook will be displayed for the user

<h4 id="show_address">Show Address:</h4>
In this section all the address stored in the phonebook will be displayed for the user

<h4 id="info">Info:</h4>
With this button the author's information is displayed on the homepage.

---

<h3 id="program_structure">Program Sturcture</h3>

this program developed by one class that is include many methods:


+ PhoneBook Class

the methods:

+ initial function
+ add_page
+ search_page
